Testid: 0005
Doc: pp0005.txt

Description:
  NMCS Installation Test

Note:
Individual tests can be referred by
   <doc number>.<Test number>.<Category>.<Subtest number>:

5/20/2015 Todo: add the correct id to each below.

==============
Item
Tests

A. Test multiple simultaneous connections from independent groups (same type):
1.- Two mesh connection setup on traffic from one end.
2.- Two c/s static star connection setup on traffic from remote.
3.- Two c/s general star connection setup on traffic from remote.
4.- Two remote static star connections setup on traffic from remote.
5.- Two remote static star connections setup on traffic from center.
6.- Two remote general star connections setup on traffic from remote.
7.- Two remote general star connections setup on traffic from center.
8.- Two manual (NMS) connection setup.
9.- two multicast connection setup

B. Test multiple type simultaneous connections with overlap (common terminal):
1.- Three mesh connection setup on traffic from one end. One terminal to three other terminals
2.- One mesh and two c/s static star connection setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
3.- One mesh and two c/s general star connection setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
4.- One mesh and two remote static star connections setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
5.- One mesh and two remote static star connections setup on traffic from center, using a common terminal.
6.- One mesh and two remote general star connections setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
7.- One mesh and two remote general star connections setup on traffic from center, using a common terminal.
8.- one mesh and two manual (NMS) connection setup, using a common terminal
9.- One mesh and two multicast connection setup, using a common terminal.

C. Test mutli-chassis site:
1.- With the common terminal at a site with multiple chassis (repeat the above tests.)
2.- Three mesh connection setup on traffic from one end. One terminal to three other terminals.
3.- One mesh and two c/s static star connection setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
4.- One mesh and two c/s general star connection setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
5.- One mesh and two remote static star connections setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
6.- One mesh and two remote static star connections setup on traffic from center, using a common terminal.
7.- One mesh and two remote general star connections setup on traffic from remote, using a common terminal.
8.- One mesh and two remote general star connections setup on traffic from center, using a common terminal.
9.- One mesh and two manual (NMS) connection setup, using a common terminal.
10.- One mesh and two multicast connection setup, using a common terminal.

D. Test system configurations:
Repeat the above tests with various configurations:
1.- multiple mesh groups with no overlap
2.- multiple general star groups with no overlap
3.- multiple static star groups with no overlap
4.- multiple general remote star groups
5.- multiple static remote star groups
6.- Combination of mesh, star, and remote star.
7.- network with 1000 terminals
8.- network with 500 groups
9.- multiple c/s chassis

E. Test "load configuration on the fly":
repeat the above tests with various configurations:
1.- From NMS, force "apply configuration" while no calls are setup
2.- From NMS, force "apply configuration" while calls are setup
3.- From NMS, force "apply configuration" while call setup is in progress
4.- From NMS, force "apply configuration" while call cleardown is in progress

F. Test changing the network configuration:
repeat the above tests with various configurations:
1.- From NMS, add terminals while no calls are setup
2.- From NMS, add terminals while calls are setup
3.- From NMS, add terminals while call setup is in progress
4.- From NMS, add terminals while call cleardown is in progress
5.- From NMS, add groups while no calls are setup
6.- From NMS, add groups while calls are setup
7.- From NMS, add groups while call setup is in progress
8.- From NMS, add groups while call cleardown is in progress
9.- From NMS, add frequency blocks while no calls are setup
10.- From NMS, add frequency blocks while calls are setup
11.- From NMS, add frequency blocks while call setup is in progress
12.- From NMS, add frequency blocks while call cleardown is in progress
13.- From NMS, add terminals to a group while no calls are setup
14.- From NMS, add terminals to a group while calls are setup
15.- From NMS, add terminals to a group while call setup is in progress
16.- From NMS, add terminals to a group while call cleardown is in progress
17.- From NMS, remove terminals while no calls are setup
18.- From NMS, remove terminals while calls are setup
19.- From NMS, remove terminals while call setup is in progress
20.- From NMS, remove terminals  while call cleardown is in progress
21.- From NMS, remove groups while no calls are setup
22.- From NMS, remove groups while calls are setup
23.- From NMS, remove groups while call setup is in progress
24.- From NMS, remove groups while call cleardown is in progress
25.- From NMS, remove frequency blocks while no calls are setup
26.- From NMS, remove frequency blocks while calls are setup
27.- From NMS, remove frequency blocks while call setup is in progress
28.- From NMS, remove frequency blocks while call cleardown is in progress
29.- From NMS, remove terminals from a group while no calls are setup
30.- From NMS, remove terminals from a group while calls are setup
31.- From NMS, remove terminals from a group while call setup is in progress
32.- From NMS, remove terminals from a group while call cleardown is in progress

G. Other Network changes:
Repeat the tests scenarios while making the following network changes:
1.-Change group quota
2.-Change terminal (terrestrial) address and mask.
3.-Add multiple terminal (terrestrial) address and mask.
4.-Remove some terminal (terrestrial) address and mask

H. NMCS Robustness under fault conditions:
Repeat the tests scenarios while making the following equipment faults:
1.- NMS GUI stop and restart
2.- Signaling chassis stop and restart
3.- Receiver chassis stop and restart
4.- Remote site stop and restart
5.- Multi-chassis site, 1st chassis stop and restart
6.- Multi-chassis site, 2nd chassis stop and restart
7.- NCS stop and restart
8.- Disable receiver in signaling chassis
9.- Disable receiver in receiver chassis
10.- Disable receiver in remote chassis
11.- to a single receiver terminal, attempt multiple connections
12.- to a two receiver terminal, attempt multiple (more than 2) connections
13.- to a four receiver terminal, attempt multiple (more than 4) connections

I. NMCS License/quota conditions:
Repeat the tests scenarios while making the following conditions:
1.- sufficient license
2.- insufficient license (attempt to make more connections than allowed)
3.- insufficient license, increase license
4.- sufficient license, decrease license
5.- Repeat the above for NMS shared license
6.- make calls requiring more bandwidth than available
7.- make calls requiring the maximum bandwidth available, then remove bandwidth from the configuration

J. Bandwidth defragmentation:
Busy the network so as to approach the bandwidth limit

K. Power:
Repeat the tests scenarios:
- check for correct power levels under each scenario

L. Data Rate:
Repeat the tests scenarios:
- check for correct data rate under each scenario

M. Frequencies:
Repeat the tests scenarios:
- check for correct frequency assignments under each scenario

N. Power, FEC, Keying
Repeat the tests scenarios while making the following conditions:
1.- change the system FEC rate
2.- change the 8PSK/QPSK/BPSK setting
3.- change the antenna, G/T for a single terminal
4.- change the antenna, G/T for multiple terminals

O. NMS - operations:
Repeat the tests scenarios while making the following NMS operations:
1.- observe the frequency allocations spectrum
2.- observe the frequency allocations list
3.- observe the sessions list
4.- observe the sessions list for each terminal
5.- observe the IRX list
6.- observe the active IRX list
7.- observe the Eb/No for IRX
8.- clear atb
9.- clear all atb
10.- clear session
11.- clear all sessions
12.- re-register terminal
13.- re-boot terminal
14.- observe the event log

P. NMS - map
Repeat the tests scenarios while making the following NMS operations:
1.- show map
2.- observer map
3.- observe location icons
4.- observe active connection lines
5.- click on site icon to get site dialog
